Replace instructions with link to docs, and update render.yaml (#4)
render-examples/temporal: README.md

# Temporal 

> This is a template for running a production-ready Temporal cluster on Render. The setup supports independent autoscaling for each Temporal service (frontend, matching, history, worker), has [advanced visibility](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/content/what-is-advanced-visibility/) backed by Elasticsearch, and includes an example Go app to trigger and run workflows. Fork this repo and click the button below to try it out:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a template for running a production-ready Temporal cluster on Render. The setup supports independent autoscaling for each Temporal service (frontend, matching, history, worker), has [advanced visibility](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/content/what-is-advanced-visibility/) backed by Elasticsearch, and includes an example Go app to trigger and run workflows. Create a new repo using this template and then click the button below to try it out:
```
